Fast Times

Date: 12/06/2020

Grade: 11

Since my post I have completed my Discrete Strucutures course that I took online. After scoring credit on my AP Computer Science exam I have taken the CSCI-211 course at Chico State University (skipping CSCI-111). I am very pleased with performance so far in the more formal side of my acedmic learning. I have noticed that this is very different from the usual way that I get information online. I think trying to find the information online makes you 'hungry-er' for it, which in turn makes you focus harder on the subject. This does get the job done in terms of completing your task, but where formal learning differs is that formal learning offers a much more complete focus on a much broader subject. I think that this is very interesting and useful to helping improve society as a whole improve. But something that I do not see yet in formal learning is that formal learning is much more 'hand fed' and the drive to learn is not as required as it when you find things out on the internet. It is much more effiecent to learn things in class though, because you can cover so many concepts from start to end as opposed to finding the answer to one problem then slowly moving forward to thenext problem. Another thing that I have noticed in formal learning is that it opens your mind and provides you with more tools to tackle problems.

Moving on from the acdemic learning at university, I have also been working on many more projects that I have even been working on. I have begun to spend more time working on a couple of servers with a friend of mine. One things that I have been working on is a Command Line Prompt or CLI that can be used to more directly interact with the servers. We have found that manually logging into each server has proven to be very un productive in the short term. I actaully think that if we did not develop time into creating a CLI, that would actually save more time, but me and my friend are always looking for ways to improve things and we find this a lot of fun.

Another side project that I worked on during this time period is a project for my math teacher. She had a problem visualizing her class seating arrangement out on e a peice of paper so I decided to help her out by creating a program to build a seating chart and assign students to desks. This was a lot of fun and it only took a few hours. You can export the seating charts to a .png file so that you can print it out. You can customize colors, and sizes so I think that it is very useful.

Lastly I discovered SOO much more with Bezier Curves! I had BLAST finding out what you can do with Bezier Curves and the math behind it. I think that it is very interesting to learn and at least understand this side of mathematics. A Bezier Curve, with out getting into too much detail, is basically a curve that a user can control using end points and a control point. I don't want to write it all out right here because I do really want to make another page to do that in more in depth. It is really cool. Anyways I have discovered that alot of the information is at university. As I was going in researching I kept coming across class lecture notes, which is why I do really want to make another page with the information. This leads into the next concept that I also wanted to cover, and that is my computer science club that I started at my local highschool.

I love spreading the pasion with coding to others and love teaching. I think that is the best way to keep society improving. As a result I started the Computer Science Club here at my local highschool. There at the club we are learning how to code for the first time, not me of course. All the new memebrs will be hopefully contributing to a website here at the highschool next semester. We have been learning Python. Techincally I am teaching them, but hopefuly they are finding the topic interesting enough to take time and learn about it myself. We have also been collaborating with the Robtics club and are going to be programming their robots for comepetition. I think that is it for this post, I will be adding more information this up and coming break and hopefully I can begin working on more projects, as school is very demanding on me right now.