Transition

Date: 07/27/2019

Grade: 9 - 10

I haven't posted in a long month. Partly is due to my summer class that I have been taking. But now that is all over, I can finally providean update. I have been working on several projects lately. I have purchased a book on Genetic Algorythmns, and Simulation in C/C++. Having learned a lot form that book, I created a dead simple genetic alorythmn myself. This alg involves populating a new populations, deciding whose most fit, electing top 2 most fit individuals, producing a child, populating a new population with parents and child, and allowing very mutation. This process, as you would assume, repeats untill I have completed my taks. For my simple example, my task was to produce 14 characters that are randomly 1 and 0's and eventually turn them all into just 1's. I produced 6 individuals for every population, and using the steps described before, I accomplished my goal of turing them all into 1's

My next thing I began working on was a visual sorter for a sorting algorythmn. Basically, it provides a chart table environment where you can see a sorter work live. So do this I had to discover two new things that I could do with my terminal display. One is to be able to clear the screen. I did this using system("clear") command. This would clear my entire terminal screen. The second thing I had to find out was how to put in a slight delay on the terminal so you can see animations, rather than having the animation process so fast that, you can't see it. I did this by including a library called and this library had a function called usleep(time) and time would be how many seconds you would like to pause the program.

After figuring out these to new commands, I realized that while making visual games is possible, it just isn't as efficient as it could be. Also, it would never be as clean and as visual as making a pop-up window. So that's when I started to search the internet for a way to produce a window in C++ and draw to it, load images to it, render it, and plenty of other stuff. Soon enough I came upon SDL2, and I was estatic. SDL2 is a relatively simple way to build programs in a window using C++. I have been using a website (Foo Productions) to help teach my how to work with SDL2. Upon discovering that, a little while later I found another 'program' that could help me. This is called OpenGL and from my understanding so far, it allow you do powerfull graphics rendering. I learned SDL2 has really tried hard to make it easy to use SDL2 and OpenGL together in unison. So using these to 'programs' will help me get what I want

Lastly as a final note, I will be uploading most of the code I can with SDL2. I plan to learn OpenGL after SDL2. As a result, it might take a while to get some OpenGL running. I am programming a lot right now in SDL2, but the reason you might see alot in my repository is because I am following along with the website and I am building programs along with the website. This is problamatic becauase it isn't really my code, but code I wrote following and minicking his code. For this reason I can't put it to GitHub and claim it as mine, but soon enough I well get some of my unique programs running after I learn a bit more of SDL2. This has been a long one post due me not posting frequently, but rest assured I am still programming.