Progress and Change Rust!

Date: 07/22/2020

Grade: 11

Hello. So I have made a lot of progresss with my programming in the last past couple of months. I made my last edit at the start of the Cornan Virus epidemic where everythings was undecided. I had no idea that I would still be feeling the effects of the virus all the way until today and possilbly for the rest of the 2020 year. I just wanted to say in this post that I have completed my AP Computer Science A test and am very proud to have scored a 4. Although I did dream of a 5, a 4 is still something to be proud of. Looking back I know that I could have studied a little more for the test as I mostly went into the test with basic programming knowledge. During this summer I have bene coming back to things that I have been wanting to do for a long time. One of those things is study for the SAT. I have started studying today and will devoting a lot of hours to the test preperation.

Something that I am very happy to begin learning is Rust!. I have been looking at Rust and personally see a lot of potential in the language. Right now it seems like it is only being used as a system language, but honestly I see that I could become some sort of multi-purpose language that C++ has evovled into. The reason that I am learning Rust is because I am trying to write a Neural Network API using it. Me and a friend of mine (Jake Harrison) are both working together in a company that we just started called Affix. Here we are posting peices of software that hopefully the average person can use. I have learned Neural Networks from him and am helping making the API available to come in Rust. It is originally written in C# but Jake has converted it to C++ and now I am trying to make it into Rust. This will just provide compatibilty for many languages. Also we would also like to incorperate it into Python as some sort of wrapper. I hopefully will be heading that project because I find it really interesting.

Another thing I am trying to do again is re-write my Marching Band Editor into a super powerful crosslanguage peice of software that anyone can intuitively use. This is designed for my band director because as I have previously said he was really struggling to use Pyware. In my opinion that is not acceptable and I have taken the task to revise my vision of a powerful program. I should hopefully finish this project by the end of this year and if I really squeeze it in I want it done by the end of this summer. But good code takes time and I want to be able to add new features in the future so I can not get it to be spagetti code. I also have been in contact with my local university and I am planning on skipping their beginers course. This will be done by using my AP Computer Science A score to get out of the first intro class. I am also planning in the future to more courses which is why this summer I took a Discrete Structures class at a community college so I can pass the prerequisuite without having to take their class. Since I am a highschool student I do not take priority over college students for these classes which means that if a class fills up, it will be extremely difficult to take the class. The Discrete Mathematics course at my local college is usually very filled so in order to save myself a headache I will just take this class instead. All is going well and the end of the term is next week. As of right now I have an A which is a passing grade which is also really good. Very excited to tackle these projects that I have made for myself this summer!