New Goals and Projects

Date: 03/19/2020

Grade: 10

These past months I have been much more focused into Computer Science. I have transitioned from making a lot of coding projects into learning more advanced concepts. I have purchased a book about machine learning with Python. I have also started to study more for my Computer Science A final on May 8. I have also been colaborating with a couple of my friends about large projects. One project is to flip pages for pianist automatically. This will be implented with 3D printed parts, a motor, a board, and a pedal that the musician presses. This is big project that I working with right now. Me and my buddy have already recieved some money through crowd funding. I have also met with another friend who has a lot of experience bulding and making nueral networks. I spent 10+ hours talking with him about AI and the actual math behind it. Mind, we are both in Pre-Calculus at the moment, so he taught me dirrivites. He invited to his company Affix which will help users create severs locally and be able to have their friends link up. It is a very good idea and I feel like we could have a strong relationship. So far me and him are the only people inside of his company.

Next line of buisness that I have been working on is creating a MarchingBandFieldEditor for my band director. Back in September he would pass out papers and distrubute them to the students. But on the field it was very difficuly to be able to read the sheets and I felt the band was wasting hours just sitting on the ground trying to understand what the paper was saying. I saw this issue and avetually asked him if he wanted me to make a program that can make neat and simple directions for the students. He loved the idea and so I began with it and finished in about 25hours or so. It is now complete and uploaded to my GitGub repositories. My goal with project is to help bands make clean and neat instructions for their field shows without having to learn a really complicated program. This is because my director told me that he tried to learn one the programs but just found it way to complicated. I posed to fixed that and hopefully I accomplished both issues. It is written in Java using a framework called Processing. I encourage everyone to install Processing and my source code and run it. I think it is packed with features but also very simple. I am really proud of my result