Path for Learning the Future.

Date: 04/25/2019

Grade: 9

After discovering more information about machine learning, I have learned several other ways to go about it. Though I do have to questions. One of which is that after the first wave of bots try and acomplish a task, does the your AI program take the 'best' bot and and make random changes to in the form of a bunch more new bots? I think this will make sense. My further understanding of AI though is basic trial and error. Bots try to do a task and based on how well they do it they can build nueron networks and pathways to accociate what is good and bad. For example, a mouse eating cheese through a maze with cats in it. The mouse will soon asociate cats with bad stuff and now touch cats. This is found through trial and error. Kinda almost mimicking evolustion. The smart carry on and the weak die.

Now that I have learned a little of AI, I have come to a massive comclusion. AI is the future. The abilty for computers to learn has endless possibilities and use cases. Computers are way faster at doing computations than humans and using that to an advatage is huge, espcially with AI. Because of this conclusion, though, I really want to get my hands wet with experimenting with AI. I already know how to code simple websites, such as this,and Python but what I really need to know hardcore Computer Science. I need to know how to use fast languages, such as C++, and really learn ways of coding and how to do so efficiently. In order to do this I need to dive into this C++ book I have right in front of me and learn the programs. I need to learn the all the arrays, pointers, functions that come with the book. This will enable me to more easily try and learn more AI. I will also help program tenfold better. So as of today, I am going to be diving strait into Computer Science using C++. Of course I need to pace myself so it won't be a massive crash course. I want to retain this knowledge and that might mean going at a slow speed and understanding everything. Long post again, time to start learning!