Busy!

Date: 12/23/2019

Grade: 10

The past few months have been very busy for me. But my venture to continue to program has not been shut down! I have been putting the hours in on weekdays, weekends and where ever I can find the time.So one of my main goals that I have been working on lately is learning Java. There are a couple reasons why I wanted to learn Java. One large reason is because of its massive versatilty. Java, as I have found, is used almost anywhere. Where it be from PCs to small PIs, Java is widely used and I can see why. Due to Java having such a massive community, Java has developed large stucture of methods and objects that are used to do just about everything. You can perform many tasks with these structures, you can also make games, which leads into my next reason to learn Java. Java has some 'easy' ways for peopole to import some libraies so you can begin Game Developement. This is another reason, no quite as important, to learn Java. I loved the idea about getting involved in a high level video game program that I can evolve over time. This has also peaked my interest for Java. One of the last reasons for me to learn Java is because it is the language the College Board has decided to use for the AP Computer Science a test. This test is important to me because it will show to others that I can program and it will also test me to make sure that I am comfortable with the topic.

I addition to Game Developement being important to me, I have discovered new "languages" that can help me do this. The reason why I used "" for languages is because they mostly consist of 'frameworks' built around languages. One thing I have looked into and would like to advance with is p5.js. I think this interesting because they developers of p5 have really worked hard to help beginners get into programming through their library. This library is probably one of my favorites due it being centered around JavaScript. This means that I can embed code into websites to share my games with other people. Another very similar 'framework' to p5.js is Processing. Processing is a little more simple I feel,but due to mylack of knowledge of them both, it is hard for me to determine which one I like better. I have a feeling the Processing is more powerful just because is centered around Java which very quick. But what I do not like about it is that Processing is very specialized, meaning that I don't see any obvious ways I could share my games with others. p5.js is way more global which I like more, as I said.