Push Onwards

Date: 09/01/2019

Grade: 10

WHOA! So I have been lately up to a lot of work. I have already published my projects with SDL2. I have also been drilling through a lot of C++ material and some basic programming skills. I learned and used classes, constructors, deconstuctors, and enums. Just implementing some simple classes into my programs is already making my programs so much more easier to work in. I found that classes really help organizing your code. The same goes with enums aswell. From what I have found, enums are really just used to help make programs a lot easier to read.

For SDL, I have made some simple games that extremely fun to program. I used to love making simple games in the terminal prompt screen, but I soon found out that if I wanted to take my prgrams to another level, that I would have to start venturing into some sort of graphical interface. That is exactly what SDL2 has allowed me to do. But now I want ot share my games so others (my friends) can play them to. So I see that the next step is to start learning JavaScript and learning how to make that interact with an HTML canvas. This way me and friends can just fire up my website, enter a code or something and we could be playing my games (just Tic-Tac-Toe and Mega-Tic-Tac-Toe for now).So that is definitly on my radar for the next couple months.

School is out! Because of this, I have found that my free time to do any work on my computer is completely out of question during the week days. I am doing a sport so along with the seven hours schools takes, I have to devote another couple or so hours to my sport. I need to work hard to mantain my A's in my classes, so by the time I finish all my homework, it is already like 9pm or 9:30, and I need to go to sleep. On the bright-side, I have weekends to work on my computer, so I can usually finish and handfull of programs. For example, this weekend is Labor Day weekend so I have an entire extra day to work. As for spending any time on a device or a phone, I have completely cut that off. From my exerpience, the phone (other for calling or texting) is entirely just a waste of time that I could be spending doing other more important things. After cutting that off for the past two or so months, I have found myself with so much extra time and way more happy.